CSS Functions: Update stepped-value & sign-related functions description (#20976)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_functions/index.md

### Stepped value functions

- {{cssxref("round", "round()")}} {{Experimental_Inline}}
  - : A stepped value function that returns a rounded number based on a rounding strategy.
- {{cssxref("mod", "mod()")}} {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : A modulus function that divided one number by another and returns the remainder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A function that divides one number by another and returns the modulus (with the same sign as the divisor).
```

- {{cssxref("rem", "rem()")}} {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : A remainder function that divided one number by another and returns the remainder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A function that divides one number by another and returns the remainder (with the same sign as the dividend).
```
